movie recap this movie tells the story
of wallace brighton a comedian who works
as a host for a podcast on the internet
he visited the maker of the video that
was going viral in canada
however he died after the action before
he arrived in the end he couldn't
interview the person then he got a free
lodging flyer and got an interesting
bonus story when he went to see named
howard howe
apparently the old man turned brighton's
body into a walrus
they discuss various funny and viral
things on the internet they were
watching a viral video showing a
teenager swinging a katana but the
fateful thing was that he accidentally
cut off his leg
when he saw this instead of being
concerned and teddy actually laughed out
loud
and said that he also felt sorry for her
instead commented that the child should
be grateful because the video was
watched by many people you're the master
of self mutilation going to help you
like plums like low hanging plums
finally he decided to wake him up to
canada brighton took the initiative to
meet the child for an interview
long story short finally brighton has
arrived at the intended address it turns
out that the child who is going to be
interviewed is now gone
said he killed himself
maybe he couldn't stand the ridicule of
people and lived on one leg
then he ended his life disappointed
brighton went to a bar and quickly
called teddy inform him of the news of
the child's death
brighton lamented on the phone that he
thought the kid should have waited two
days so he could interview his stupidity
went into the toilet and found a board
full of paper sports information job
advertisements and so on then find
something unique notes from an old man
who confesses that he has an amazing
story to share
he was interested and he was planning to
meet the old man
instead of having to go home
empty-handed
then he rushed to the intended address
visited the supermarket to buy a drink
dot and asked the cashier the address of
the bifrost
then the cashier informed that the place
is still far away and it will take at
least two hours to get there
then he used a car to travel that he
rented with the help of directions from
google map
finally he made it to the address and he
was greeted by a paralyzed leg named
howard
howard was welcoming after they got
acquainted the old man began to tell
about his experience
he told me that he was a chef on a shark
hunting ship
but in the middle of the voyage
misfortune befell him being ridden
crashed into a wall of ice and salt to
the bottom of the sea
he floats alone in the middle of the
russian black sea in the end found the
island and was saved by a walrus
he also asked where brighton came from
he also said that he was not from canada
he's from los angeles he also said that
he was an announcer of a program on the
internet but not radio he was interested
in howard's experience
and so he was curious to hear the story
of this house and used it as material
later
while drinking the tea given by howard
he continued to talk at length
he also likes the aroma of the tea he
serves after a while brighton started to
get a little weird
then suddenly his vision started to blur
and he felt dizzy and it turned out that
what was served to him had been mixed
with drugs
it didn't take long for wales to lose
consciousness and fall on the floor
after being hit by sleeping pills and
tranquilizers brighton dreams of meeting
his girlfriend
he remembered the memories of making
love to his girlfriend actually his
girlfriend had warned him not to go to
canada he insisted and was going to
canada brighton was starting to wake up
and come to his senses he knew he was in
the middle of a room she sits in a
wheelchair
then howard came over to say hello and
give him a drink
he said that brighton was unconscious
because he was bitten by a spider like
an elephant
so his feet are swollen
he asked his phone if he wanted to call
his friends and girlfriend back home
and ask the doctor the doctor left here
an hour ago howard replied moments later
felt strange because he couldn't feel
his legs
then he said so that the poison wouldn't
spread then he cut off his leg brighton
then removed the blanket covering his
legs
then he was surprised because his left
leg was gone the old man had an alibi
his leg did need to be amputated because
it was bitten by the spider
of course this fact is hard to believe
continue while asking for clarity to
howard brighton asked the doctor then he
answered with a strange answer he said
the doctor was around makes brighton
feel cheated and distrust him night has
come now he can only sit still because
his whole body is paralyzed because of
the anesthetic
all he could do was scream hysterically
after it was time to eat he couldn't
move his hands he just watched and
listened to howard was talking about
unintelligible spiders
brighton just fainted and couldn't do
anything else
then brighton called a fool damn ordered
to get out of the wheelchair but then
howard suddenly stood up and walked over
to britain and immediately slapped him
turns out howard wasn't paralyzed it's
just a trick data he tricked his prey
howard says start revealing his plans if
it's going to turn b titan into a walrus
hearing this of course brighton who was
already panicking became even more
violent
elsewhere's ally who is brighton's
girlfriend was worried because his
girlfriend had been missing no news for
three days
teddy had heard her vent when she said
that she wanted to have another girl
actually it was just a joke by brighton
and teddy agreed an ally also believed
in teddy's words teddy kept trying to
calm ellie then ellie started to suspect
that brighton went to have an affair
suddenly the phone rang brighton was
awakened by the sound of his cell phone
it turns out that his body can be moved
trying to pick up an incoming call the
call stopped before he could reach it
tried to call ally back and there was no
answer from her boyfriend
then bryden tried to call teddy teddy
had seen the incoming call he ignored it
teddy is busy at home with his
girlfriend brighton he said in a voice
note that now he was being held hostage
in the house of a crazy psychopath
his leg was cut off he told the police
to call while still busy reporting his
condition via voice notes suddenly came
and hit brighton until he was
unconscious again fly wake up and clean
up and when they check their cell phones
and find many missed calls from bryto
which showed teddy the voice note
meanwhile at the crazy psychopath's
house brighton is being operated on by
howard to be turned into a walrus
looking for his body with the
combination of human skin that he has
designed in such a way fitted with a
pair of fangs made of leg bones
after a long process he finally
succeeded in perfecting his work
brighton has turned into cash completely
ally tried to report to the police
officers and explain the incident but
the police did not respond then the two
of them immediately rushed straight to
canada
meanwhile at the crazy psychopath's
house brighton is being operated on by
howard to be turned into a walrus
looking for his body with the
combination of human skin that he has
designed in such a way fitted with a
pair of fangs made of leg bones
after a long process he finally
succeeded in perfecting his work
brighton had turned into a full on sea
bear
ellie and teddy continue the search
visited a car rental place to inquire
about brighton later they also visited
the police station to inquire about his
whereabouts
the cop they talked to gave them the
contact of a detective
happened to have been searching for a
serial killer for 10 years
he said until now he has not been able
to solve the case
he also mentioned that the victims who
were found always had no legs because
they were amputated
they are sewn to the body mouth and nose
they are also fitted with a pair of
fangs like a walrus
he wanted to stop and close the search
for other victims but after hearing from
ally and teddy he always offered to help
if brighton becomes a victim this time
then he becomes the 24th victim of the
serial killer
then brighton was invited by howard to
swim and adapt to his new body
he then continued to be dragged into the
pool and because he couldn't hold on he
drowned while underwater a view of the
brighton man carcass it seems
[Applause]
while at the supermarket they met a
detective his name is guy lapointe he
has worked for 20 years then he told his
experiences he also recounted cases of
incidents similar to the cases that
killed several people
his skin and body had been crushed like
he had been mutilated
elsewhere howard is talking to brighton
he feeds the fish and tells him to eat
but brighton man he doesn't want to eat
raw fish from his face he was angry and
annoyed
meanwhile the detectives accompanied by
ali and teddy were trying to get
information from the cashier there
lucky they still remember the wireless
armed with the information from the
cashier ellie along with teddy and
detectives continued their search
here they managed to find a brighton
rental car the car owner thought he
drowned in the lake
slowly brighton was taught to swim by
howard he imagined the old time when he
helped by warless he can now float alaka
happy the old grandfather because he
wanted to obey his orders
before they act the detectives give them
a gun for self-defense
two guns and he carries a bigger gun
because he is an old psychopath who is
crazy
middle howard wears the same walrus
costume as brighton then he invites
brighton to fight like a fellow walrus
after the three of them arrived at
howard's house detectives ally and teddy
heard screams coming from a house
they immediately ran towards it
upon entering they saw two walruses
fighting then howard stood up and wanted
to hit brighton but he stabbed his leg
first
after falling then he pierced howard's
chest with his fangs and he managed to
beat howard on the verge of death howard
spoke of relief at his guilt for killing
the walrus that had once helped him
he assumed that he had already avenged
him the same way he killed himself dot
eli earlier as well as the detective
managed to get to the source of the
sound
saw the scene before his eyes screaming
hysterically i've changed that way took
the initiative to kill brighton to
relieve him of his suffering
but ellie stopped him
one year passed ally and teddy are seen
visiting a deserted old zoo no visitors
at all there apparently wheels brighton
that used to be left alive is now living
there
ally reminisced about her good times
with brighton for the last time that he
still loves her then he gave brighton
raw fish
he left wells wheels brighton who is
lonely now can't help but cry living
alone there
and the movie ends